Implement #2765: Document Azure Key Vault KMS usage for record encryption (#2894)
kroxylicious/kroxylicious: kroxylicious-docs/docs/_modules/record-encryption/azure-key-vault/snip-azure-key-vault-service-config-microsoft-entra-managed-identity.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: SNIPPET

// file included in the following:
//
// con-azure-key-vault-plugin-configuration.adoc

.Configuration for authenticating with Managed Identities for Azure resources
[source, yaml]
----
kms: AzureKeyVault                                            # <1>
kmsConfig:
  keyVaultName: my-key-vault                                  # <2>
  keyVaultHost: vault.azure.net                               # <3>
  tls:
    # ... client trust configuration for Azure Key Vault
  managedIdentityCredentials:
    targetResource: https://vault.azure.net/                  # <4>
----
<1> Specifies the name of the KMS provider. Use `AzureKeyVault`.
<2> The name of the key vault the filter will use.
<3> The host of the key vault, without key vault name.

> <4> App ID URI of the target resource that the proxy is authenticating to (i.e. your Azure Key Vault URI).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[source, yaml]
----
kms: AzureKeyVault
kmsConfig:
  keyVaultName: my-key-vault
  keyVaultHost: vault.azure.net
  tls:
    # ... client trust configuration for Azure Key Vault
  managedIdentityCredentials:
    targetResource: https://vault.azure.net/
----
* `kms` specifies the name of the KMS provider. Use AzureKeyVault.
* `keyVaultName` is the name of the key vault the filter uses.
* `keyVaultHost` is the key vault host name, without the key vault name prefix.
* `targetResource` is the App ID URI of the resource that the proxy authenticates to (your Azure Key Vault URI).
```
